fix empty dps API request edge case (#1607)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.17.1] - 2024-02-02
### Fixed

> - An (extreme) edge case where an empty, unneccesary API request for datapoints would be sent leading to a `CogniteAPIError`.
> - Certain granularity inputs (when using the `DatapointsAPI`) no longer causes a `ValueError` to be raised with confusing/wrong wording.

Author: ```suggestion
- An (extreme) edge case where an empty, unnecessary API request for datapoints would be sent leading to a `CogniteAPIError`.
- Certain granularity inputs (when using the `DatapointsAPI`) no longer cause a `ValueError` to be raised with confusing/wrong wording.
```
